Fixup: Sort paths based on length rather than lexi (#5752)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/5752-davinci26-major.md

## Fix bug with algorithm used to sort Envoy regex/prefix path rules

> Envoy is greedy matching path routes and as a result order is important. Contour to produce consistent routing tables in the presence of HTTPProxy inclusion and Ingress Conformance sorts the routes before updating Envoy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Envoy greedy matches routes and as a result the order route matches are presented to Envoy is important. Contour attempts to produce consistent routing tables so that the most specific route matches are given preference. This is done to facilitate consistency when using HTTPProxy inclusion and provide a uniform user experience for route matching to be inline with Ingress and Gateway API Conformance.
```

Author: fixed in de92073f94f2426279a4f99d39029d97355b61d2

> This changes fixes the sorting algorithm used for `Prefix` and `Regex` based path matching. Previously the algorithm lexicographically sorted the regex routes instead of sorting them based on the length of the `Prefix`|`Regex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This changes fixes the sorting algorithm used for `Prefix` and `Regex` based path matching. Previously the algorithm lexicographically sorted based on the path match string instead of sorting them based on the length of the `Prefix`|`Regex`.
```

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentence spelling out what the change will be: longer prefix/regexes will be sorted first in order to give preference to more specific routes, then lexicographic sorting for things of the same length

Author: fixed in a4ef0f6d

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Note that for prefix matching, this change is _not_ expected to change the relative ordering of more specific prefixes vs. less specific ones when the more specific prefix match string has the less specific one as a prefix, e.g. `/foo/bar` will continue to sort before `/foo`. However, relative ordering of other combinations of prefix matches may change per the above description.
```

### How to update safely

Caution is advised if you update Contour and you are operating large routing tables. We advise you to:

1. Deploy a duplicate Contour installation that parses the same CRDs
2. Port-forward to the Envoy admin interface [docs](https://projectcontour.io/docs/v1.3.0/troubleshooting/)

> 3. Access `http://127.0.0.1:9001/config_dump` and compare the configuration of Envoy. In particular the routes and their order.

Reviewer: It may be surprising to users that their prefix route matches change order since we are now sorting on length, so maybe good to mention here if we're suggesting inspecting the routing table

Author: fixed in de92073f94f2426279a4f99d39029d97355b61d2
